[DOCU-3293] KIC+K GA release (#5775)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/updates.md

from a single, cloud-based control plane, and provides a catalog of all deployed
services. [Try it today!](https://cloud.konghq.com/quick-start)

## July 2023

**Kong Ingress Controller for Kubernetes in Konnect**

> : The read-only [Ingress Controller association with Konnect](/konnect/runtime-manager/kic/) is now GA and can be deployed in a production environment. KIC in Konnect also now allows you to view analytics for your KIC runtime instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The read-only [Ingress Controller association with Konnect](/konnect/runtime-manager/kic/) is now GA and can be deployed in a production environment. This release also includes the following features:
* Konnect now manages license and entitlement for KIC-managed Gateways so that customers do not need to worry about license management. There is a seamless upgrade path available for customers that wish to move from the OSS experience to the Enterprise experience.
* Konnect now supports analytics for KIC runtime groups. Customers can get detailed visibility into their K8 native managed Gateways on the Konnect platform.
```

from a single, cloud-based control plane, and provides a catalog of all deployed
services. [Try it today!](https://cloud.konghq.com/quick-start)

## July 2023

**Kong Ingress Controller for Kubernetes in {{site.konnect_short_name}}**
: The read-only [Ingress Controller association with {{site.konnect_short_name}}](/konnect/runtime-manager/kic/) is now GA and can be deployed in a production environment. This release also includes the following features:

> * {{site.konnect_short_name}} now manages license and entitlement for KIC-managed Gateways so that you don't need to worry about license management. There is a seamless upgrade path available if you want to move from the OSS experience to the Enterprise experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* {{site.konnect_short_name}} now manages license and entitlement for KIC-managed Gateways so that you don't need to worry about license management. There is a [seamless upgrade path](/kubernetes-ingress-controller/latest/guides/choose-gateway-image/) available if you want to move from the OSS experience to the Enterprise experience.
```
